---
tags: [ autocross, fr-s, ssc, setup, specfrs ]
author: chris
publishDate: 2021-05-04T09:30:15+00:00
updateDate: 2024-11-18T13:26:36-06:00
image: ~/assets/images/2021-event1.jpg
url: "2021/2021-events-1-and-2"
excerpt: "Get back on track with this 2021 autocross event recap, discussing performance tips, car prep, and event experiences. Gear up your racing spirit!"
title: "2021 Events 1 and 2"
---

So here we are, it's 2021 already and you've hopefully started autocrossing again. We have had the car out to <s>one</s> two events so far.

The first event was back on April 11th, a few days before we started writing this post (and are just now getting around to finishing). Tom S is codriving with me at most events this year, not sure how many out of town events he will be at, or heck how many out of town events I will be at. 

## Event 1
So event one. The weekend before the event I decided it was time to take all the rest of the vinyl off (sponsor/series decals) and with that came a load of residue and blemishes in the paint from the removal. 2 days before the event I went down to Detail Garage in Valley Park to pick up some supplies. I grabbed a Torq random orbital buffer, along with a number of other supplies so that I could try my hand at paint correction. I spent Saturday before event one paint correcting the car (all but the back of the rear end). I must say, I was totally pleased with the results. You can see a before and after of the top of the trunk on our Instagram.

[View on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/p/CNf5_xlFVbB/)

After getting the polishing done and throwing some wax on the car, I swapped the wheels/tires out for the set of brand new Falken RT660s and packed the car up to be ready to head out early in the morning.

The event went well, though the car took some cone damage to the front end. I had removed the racer's tape that had been holding some of it together, and failed to re-apply it after all the paint correction, I made sure to correct that a few days later. I ended up taking 1st in the class, and 2nd on PAX for the event. Tom was 3rd in PAX and we welcomed a newcomer to the St. Louis region, Juan, also in SSC, into the 7th place PAX spot. Juan is down near Springfield, MO and will be joining us for to liven up the competition this year.

It wasn't as productive an event as I would have liked, I always prefer to walk away with a PAX win, but Greer in his GT3 put almost 3/4 of a second in PAX time on me for the day.

Here's some side by side video of my fastest run (left) and Tom's fastest run (right).
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ntwIlaRbluU" title="SSC Side By Side Event 1 2021" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Event 2
Prep for Event 2 only consisted of swapping tires again and the previously mentioned tape work. 

Overall the event was sloppy, I had a hard time keeping clean and coned my fastest run (first corner before the start lights). Tom ended up taking the win in SSC for the event. I'll try to get around to videos for that, not sure when I will!

## Autocross Settings from 2021 Event 1 & 2 (same as 2020):
  
*Front Swaybar:* Soft setting  
*Rear Swaybar:* Stiff Setting  
*Front Konis:* 0.5 turn from soft  
*Rear Konis:* 1.5 turns from soft  
*Front Tire Pressure:* 30 psi  
*Rear Tire Pressure:* 29 psi
